Added a changelog for 1.5.0 release (#769)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.5.0 (08/04/2020)

**Common**

> * `DefaultCache` implementation moved to pimpl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved the `DefaultCache` implementation to pimpl.
```

> * Various warnings fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed various warnings.
```

> * Various warnings fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Various compiler warnings fixed.
```

> * CMake now uses boost repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CMake now uses a boost repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.
```

> * CMake now uses boost repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* CMake now uses boost github repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.
```

> * CMake now uses the official boost github repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CMake now uses the official Boost GitHub repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.
```

> * Method `OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache` now returns nullptr in case if failed to open a disk cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache` method now returns `nullptr` if it fails to open a disk cache.
```

> * Method `OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache` now returns nullptr in case if failed to open a disk cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Method `OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache` now returns `nullptr` in case it failed to open one of the user-defined disk caches.
```

> * Added API to retrieve network statistics. **Not implemented yet.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Work In Progress** Added API to retrieve network statistics. This is not implemented fully yet and users should not use it.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Added a new `use_system_time` flag to `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSettings`. You can use it tell authentication module to use system time instead of server time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new `use_system_time` flag to `olp::authentication::AuthenticationSettings`. You can use it to tell the authentication module to work with system time instead of server time.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Added stream layer read example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a stream layer read example.
```

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the example?

> * Added a stream layer read example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a stream layer read example. For more information, see our [documentation](https://github.com/heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp/blob/master/docs/dataservice-read-from-stream-layer-example.md).
```

* Fixed various warnings.
* CMake now uses a boost repository instead of downloading and unpacking the archive.
* The `OlpClientSettingsFactory::CreateDefaultCache` method now returns `nullptr` if it fails to open a disk cache.

> * **Work In Progress** Added API to retrieve network statistics. This is not implemented fully yet and users should not use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Work In Progress** Added API to retrieve network statistics. It is not fully implemented yet, and users should not use it.
```
